Pd 251 create cli sharing namespace articles (#1984)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALECLIReference/Sharing/_index.md

geekdocCollapseSection: true
description: "Introduces the TrueNAS CLI sharing namespace, used to access child namespaces and commands including iscsi, nfs, smb, and webdav." 
weight: 40
draft: false
---

{{< toc >}}

{{< include file="/_includes/CLIGuideWIP.md" type="page" >}}

{{< include file="/_includes/SCALECLIIntroduction.md" type="page" >}}

## Sharing Namespace

The **sharing** namespace has four child namespaces and is based on functions found in the SCALE API and web UI. 

> It provides access to share configuration methods through the child namespaces and their commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides access to configure shares through the child namespaces and their commands.
```

You can enter commands from the main CLI prompt or from the **sharing** namespace prompts.

> ## Network Child Namespace Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sharing Child Namespace Contents
```
